CASMCMS-8720: Update docs for CFS v3 and paging (#4283)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/boot_orchestration/BOS_Workflows.md

1. **Administrator creates a configuration**

>     (`ncn-mw#`) Add a configuration to CFS. See [Create a CFS Configuration](../configuration_management/CFS_Configurations.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (`ncn-mw#`) Add a configuration to CFS. For more information on creating CFS configurations, see [CFS Configurations](../configuration_management/CFS_Configurations.md).
```

1. **Administrator creates a configuration**

>     Add a configuration to CFS. See [Create a CFS Configuration](../configuration_management/CFS_Configurations.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Add a configuration to CFS. For more information on creating CFS configurations, see [CFS Configurations](../configuration_management/CFS_Configurations.md).
```
